%META:TOPICINFO{author="BaseUserMapping_999" date="1360762007" format="1.1" version="2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="NikolayGeorgiev"}%
---+ Meetings Protocols

   * 14. July Agenda
      * Discussing the DistortionAnnotator
         * Document vs. Sentence
         * Calculation of the distortion
         * is it OK with the current CPE Configurator?
      * To ask for the semantic relatedness components
      * Discuss what is needed for the Plausibility Annotator
      * To ask where to read about related content - papers, sites ...

-- Main.NikolayGeorgiev - 14 Jul 2009