%META:TOPICINFO{author="franz" comment="" date="1575367341" format="1.1" reprev="2" version="2"}%
%META:TOPICPARENT{name="PatrickFranz"}%
---+!! Meeting notes

---++ Meeting 26.11.2019
   * 10:30 - 11:30
   * Participants: JD, PF
   * *Content:*
      * Organizational issues
      * Introduction to git, wiki
      * Task assignment (classification and bundestag paragraph assignment)

---++ Meeting 02.12.2019
   * 13:00 - 14:00
   * Participants: JD, PF
   * *Content:*
      * Organizational issues
      * Task review (bundestag and bert classification)
      * Task assignment (lightweight user management)
